Implement new APIs for inter-plugin communication (#3807)
rollup/rollup: docs/05-plugin-development.md

If `false` is returned for `moduleSideEffects` and no other module imports anything from this module, then this module will not be included in the bundle even if the module would have side-effects. If `true` is returned, Rollup will use its default algorithm to include all statements in the module that have side-effects (such as modifying a global or exported variable). If `"no-treeshake"` is returned, treeshaking will be turned off for this module and it will also be included in one of the generated chunks even if it is empty. If `null` is returned or the flag is omitted, then `moduleSideEffects` will be determined by the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module, the `treeshake.moduleSideEffects` option, or eventually default to `true`. The `transform` hook can override this.

See [synthetic named exports](guide/en/#synthetic-named-exports) for the effect of the `syntheticNamedExports` option. If `null` is returned or the flag is omitted, then `syntheticNamedExports` will be determined by the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module or eventually default to `false`. The `transform` hook can override this.

> See [custom module meta-data](guide/en/#custom-module-meta-data) for how to use the `meta` option. If `null` is returned or the option is omitted, then `meta` will be determined by the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module or eventually default to an empty object. The `transform` hook can add or replace properties of this object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [custom module meta-data](guide/en/#custom-module-meta-data) for how to use the `meta` option. If a `meta` object is returned by this hook, it will overwrite any `meta` object returned by the `resolveId` hook. If no hook returns a `meta` object it will default to an empty object. The `transform` hook can add or replace properties of this object.
If `null` is returned or the option is omitted, then `meta` will be determined by the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module or eventually default to an empty object. The `transform` hook can add or replace properties of this object.
```

Reviewer: It took me a few reads to understand the meaning. I think it's clearer to say that load overwrites whatever resolve returns.

The overwriting is a bit unfortunate however, would it not be possible to merge the objects?

Author: It is not overwritten, the `meta` object is indeed merged shallowly so that different plugins do not interact. Example:

```
// meta after resolveId
{
 'node-resolve': {
    someData: 'foo'
  },
  commonjs: {
    someData: 'bar'
  }
}

// returned meta in load
{
  commonjs: {
    someOtherData: 'baz'
  }
}

// meta after load
{
 'node-resolve': {
    someData: 'foo'
  },
  commonjs: {
    someOtherData: 'baz'
  }
}
```

That is why I wrote
> The `transform` hook can add or replace properties of this object.

So maybe we need to write this in yet another way?

Author: How about

> If a `meta` object is returned by this hook, it will be merged shallowly with any `meta` object returned by the `resolveId` hook. If no hook returns a `meta` object it will default to an empty object. The `transform` hook can add or replace properties of this object.

Author: I added my change to the docs.

Kind: `async, first`<br>
Previous Hook: [`buildStart`](guide/en/#buildstart) if we are resolving an entry point, [`transform`](guide/en/#transform) if we are resolving an import, or as fallback for [`resolveDynamicImport`](guide/en/#resolvedynamicimport). Additionally this hook can be triggered during the build phase from plugin hooks by calling [`this.emitFile`](guide/en/#thisemitfileemittedfile-emittedchunk--emittedasset--string) to emit an entry point or at any time by calling [`this.resolve`](guide/en/#thisresolvesource-string-importer-string-options-skipself-boolean--promiseid-string-external-boolean--null) to manually resolve an id.<br>
Next Hook: [`load`](guide/en/#load) if the resolved id that has not yet been loaded, otherwise [`buildEnd`](guide/en/#buildend).

Defines a custom resolver. A resolver can be useful for e.g. locating third-party dependencies. Here `source` is the importee exactly as it is written in the import statement, i.e. for

```js
import { foo } from '../bar,js';
```

> the source will be `"../bar.js""`. The `importer` is the full id of the importing module. When resolving entry points, importer will be `undefined`. You can use this for instance as a mechanism to define custom proxy modules for entry points. The following plugin will only expose the default export from entry points while still keeping named exports available for internal usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the source will be `"../bar.js""`. 

The `importer` is the fully resolved id of the importing module. When resolving entry points, importer will be `undefined`. You can use this for instance as a mechanism to define custom proxy modules for entry points. 

The following plugin will only expose the default export from entry points while still keeping named exports available for internal usage:
```

```js
async resolveId(source,importer) {
  if (!importer) {
    // We need to skip this plugin to avoid an infinite loop
    const resolution = await this.resolve(source, undefined, { skipSelf: true });
    // If it cannot be resolved, return `null` so that Rollup displays an error
    if (!resolution) return null;
    return `${resolution.id}?entry-proxy`;
  }
  return null;
},
load(id) {
  if (id.endsWith('?entry-proxy')) {
    const importee = id.slice(0, -'?entry-proxy'.length);
    // Note that this will throw if there is no default export
    return `export {default} from '${importee}';`;
  }
  return null;
}
```

> When triggering this hook from a plugin via [`this.resolve(source, importer, options)`](guide/en/#thisresolvesource-string-importer-string-options-skipself-boolean--promiseid-string-external-boolean--null), it is possible to pass a custom options object to this hook. While this object will be passed unmodified, plugins should follow the convention of adding a `custom` property with an object where the keys correspond to the names of the plugins that the options are intended for. For details see **TODO: Section about custom parameter passing**.

Reviewer: Should we show an example of how this `custom` property would look like?

Reviewer: I would place this section more to the bottom, so that first the hook return values are explained.

Author: > Should we show an example of how this custom property would look like

With the proper link here, maybe the example is not needed?

> Returning `null` defers to other `resolveId` functions and eventually the default resolution behavior; returning `false` signals that `source` should be treated as an external module and not included in the bundle. If this happens for a relative import, the id will be renormalized the same way as when the `external` option is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning `null` defers to other `resolveId` functions and eventually the default resolution behavior. Returning `false` signals that `source` should be treated as an external module and not included in the bundle. If this happens for a relative import, the id will be renormalized the same way as when the `external` option is used.
```

Note that in watch mode, the result of this hook is cached when rebuilding and the hook is only triggered again for a module `id` if either the `code` of the module has changed or a file has changed that was added via `this.addWatchFile` the last time the hook was triggered for this module.

> You can also use the object form of the return value to configure additional properties of the module. Note that in this case, `code` is not required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the object form of the return value to configure additional properties of the module. Note that it's possible to return only properties and no code transformations.
```

> If `false` is returned for `moduleSideEffects` and no other module imports anything from this module, then this module will not be included even if the module would have side-effects. If `true` is returned, Rollup will use its default algorithm to include all statements in the module that have side-effects (such as modifying a global or exported variable). If `"no-treeshake"` is returned, treeshaking will be turned off for this module and it will also be included in one of the generated chunks even if it is empty. If `null` is returned or the flag is omitted, then `moduleSideEffects` will be determined by the `load` hook that loaded this module, the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module, the `treeshake.moduleSideEffects` option, or eventually default to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `false` is returned for `moduleSideEffects` and no other module imports anything from this module, then this module will not be included even if the module would have side-effects. 

If `true` is returned, Rollup will use its default algorithm to include all statements in the module that have side-effects (such as modifying a global or exported variable). 

If `"no-treeshake"` is returned, treeshaking will be turned off for this module and it will also be included in one of the generated chunks even if it is empty. 

If `null` is returned or the flag is omitted, then `moduleSideEffects` will be determined by the `load` hook that loaded this module, the first `resolveId` hook that resolved this module, the `treeshake.moduleSideEffects` option, or eventually default to `true`.
```

Maybe splitting out like this is a bit much, but it reads like a big paragraph right now while people might like to scan for each individual return value.
